add contributing md (#434)
hpe-design/design-system: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing 
Thanks for helping us make the HPE Design System better! You came to the right place to start your contribution.

## Project Structure
The HPE Design System is a monorepo built from two modules.
See the [README](https://github.com/hpe-design/design-system#welcome-to-hpe-design-system)
for a break down of the Design System structure.

## How to Contribute 
Code, Code, Code...

## Submitting Pull Requests 
To make a pull request you will need a GitHub account. For help, see
GitHub’s documentation on [forking] and [pull requests].

> 1. Fork the design-system repository

Reviewer: Do we want folks to fork or clone the repo? Right now, this is written as both.

Author: They would have to do both Im assuming. Like grommet you have to fork then clone the project since your cant directly push a PR and have to do this through the fork

1. Clone it https://github.com/hpe-design/design-system.git
1. Install dependencies using: yarn install

### Pre Commits
Linting and end-to-end tests are run using husky.

> ### aries-site

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### aries-site
```
Should this be subsection of Pre Commits?

- There are pre-commit hooks in place that will run linting checks and
fixes. It will then run the test suites that we have in place for Aries-Site.
- [TestCafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/getting-started/) is used as our end-to-end testing. While running the tests, your local browsers will open with TestCafe. During this time DO NOT CLOSE OR MINIMIZE YOUR BROWSER WINDOWS. The browser will need to stay in focus in order
to run and complete all of the test suites.

> - The [tests will pause](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/issues/1198) if they are not in focus which will lead to pre-commits taking much longer then needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [tests will pause](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/issues/1198) if they are not in focus which will lead to pre-commits taking much longer than needed. If your pre-commit checks are taking longer than 2.5 minutes, it is likely that your browser is not in focus. Put your browser in focus to allow the checks to continue.
```

After the pre-commit checks are finished on aries-site, they will be run on aries-core.

> ### aries-core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### aries-core
```

# Contributing 
Thanks for helping us make the HPE Design System better! You came to the right place to start your contribution.

## Project Structure
The HPE Design System is a monorepo built from two modules.
See the [README](https://github.com/hpe-design/design-system#welcome-to-hpe-design-system)
for a break down of the Design System structure.

## How to Contribute 

> Code, Code, Code...

Reviewer: Recommend removing this section for now.

Author: okay sounds good!

## Submitting Pull Requests 
To make a pull request you will need a GitHub account. For help, see
GitHub’s documentation on [forking] and [pull requests].
1. Fork the design-system repository
1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/hpe-design/design-system.git
```
3. Install dependencies
```
yarn install
```

> ### Pre Commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Implement your changes

### Committing your changes
To commit your changes: `git commit`

Upon running this command, pre-commit checks will run:

- Ensuring consistent code formatting, best practices, and enforce code style guidelines (Prettier & ESLint)
- Executing testing suites:
  - Unit tests (future)
  - End-to-end tests ([TestCafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/getting-started/))

#### About TestCafe
TestCafe is tool which assists end-to-end testing (i.e. test behavior and interactions for applications / Websites) across browsers and operating systems. TestCafe executes these tests in live browser instances (as opposed to simulated or headless environments).

NOTE: Things to be aware of while the TestCafe test suites are running.
- TestCafe will launch a browser instance for any browsers you have on your local machine
- Browser windows must be in focus in order for the tests to run. If the browser window is minimized or hidden by other windows, the test will pause and will not complete until the browser is in focus.

```

Reviewer: This didn't format like I expected, but hopefully it communicates the gist of what I am after.  Trying to keep this focused on why things are being done and what to expect.

# Contributing 
Thanks for helping us make the HPE Design System better! You came to the right place to start your contribution.

## Project Structure
The HPE Design System is a monorepo built from two modules.
See the [README](https://github.com/hpe-design/design-system#welcome-to-hpe-design-system)
for a break down of the Design System structure.

## Submitting Pull Requests 
To make a pull request you will need a GitHub account. For help, see
GitHub’s documentation on [forking] and [pull requests].
1. Fork the design-system repository

> 1. Clone the repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Clone the repository
```

### Committing your changes
To commit your changes: `git commit`

Upon running this command, pre-commit checks will run:

- Ensuring consistent code formatting, best practices, and enforce code style guidelines (Prettier & ESLint)
- Executing testing suites:
  - Unit tests (future)
  - End-to-end tests ([TestCafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/getting-started/))

#### About TestCafe
TestCafe is tool which assists end-to-end testing (i.e. test behavior and interactions for applications / Websites) across browsers and operating systems. TestCafe executes these tests in live browser instances (as opposed to simulated or headless environments).

NOTE: Things to be aware of while the TestCafe test suites are running.
- TestCafe will launch a browser instance for any browsers you have on your local machine
- Browser windows must be in focus in order for the tests to run. If the browser window is minimized or hidden by other windows, the test will pause and will not complete until the browser is in focus.

Linting and end-to-end tests are run using husky.

#### aries-site
- There are pre-commit hooks in place that will run linting checks and

> fixes. It will then run the test suites that we have in place for Aries-Site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fixes. It will then run the test suites that we have in place for aries-site.
```

- [TestCafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/getting-started/) is used as our end-to-end testing. While running the tests, your local browsers will open with TestCafe. During this time DO NOT CLOSE OR MINIMIZE YOUR BROWSER WINDOWS. The browser will need to stay in focus in order
to run and complete all of the test suites.
- The [tests will pause](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/issues/1198) if they are not in focus which will lead to pre-commits taking much longer then needed.

> - If your test suits are taking longer then 2.5 minutes check the focus make sure the broswers are all up and running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your test suites are taking longer than 2.5 minutes, make sure your browser windows are in focus and running.
```
